## Q: Research and analyze which of the vulnerabilities appear to be related to the code that was deployed for the environment in this project.
___

**A:** The following failed security checks in AWS Security Hub indicates vulnerabilities. They are classified either as HIGH, MEDIUM, or LOW severity. 

1. **Aplication Load balancer should be configured to redirect all HTTP requests to HTTPS** - 

This check fails because the load balancers listeners in this exercise were not configured to redirect HTTP to HTTPS. Failing this check directly violates the protection of data in transit using TLS/SSL Encryption.

```
Severity: Medium.
Resource: ELBv2 Load Balancer
AWS Config rule: alb-http-to-https-redirection-check
```

 ***Remediation*** - In the EC2 pane, the configuration for the ALB can be adjusted such that the HTTP listener(80) is adjusted to support HTTPS (443) instead. A certificate/ domain name would be required to make this change.
 
2. **IAM Policies should not allow full administrative privileges.**

IAM Policies should grant only the permissions required to perform a task. 
 
 ```Severity: Critical
 AWS Config rule : iam-policy-no-statements-with-admin-access
```
***Remediation:*** Detach the Admin Privileges. Determine what users need to do and craft policies for them that let the users perform only those tasks, instead of allowing full administrative privileges. Test the newly attached policy to see if the users can still access AWS services and resources as expected.

3. **Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 3389**.
 It is recommended that no security group allows unrestricted ingress access to port 3389 
  ```Severity: High
 AWS Config rule : restricted-commonports
 ```
 
 *Remediation:* Be sure to restrict/allow list to a specific set of IP Addresses. This is such that connections on this port from unknown IP addresses can be filtered out by default.
Another solution is to simply delete the Security group rule thus implicitly denying all traffic from this port to the attached instance. 


 
 4. **Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 22**
 
  ```Severity: High
 AWS Config rule : restricted-ssh
```

*Remediation:* Be sure to restrict/allow list to a specific set of IP Addresses. This is such that SSH connections from unknown IP addresses can be filtered out by default.
Another solution is to simply delete the Security group rule thus implicitly denying all SSH traffic to the attached instance. 


